Subject: CAF's app. for NBC acct. balance
Status: RO
X-Status: 


Dear Supervisory Committee:

Enclosed pls. find the supporting docs for your final approval to transfer
the NBC balance of BCSSA to CAF. 

More details on CAF can be found at our web site:
http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/~kai

In case of any further question, pls. contact Mr. Zhihua Sheni of CAF
at zshen@are.berkeley.edu or (510)845-0815 (h).

Thank you,

- Kai Chen
CAF 

----------------------------------------------------------
Dear SV Commmittee:

CAF was founded on Oct. 9th, 96. 

Through the anti-NBC campaign, it has been concensus of Chinese Community 
that we need to do some long term work to positively promote and improve 
Chinese image in the society. We also need to save some resources to prepare 
for the next incident like NBC or CBS incidents. Based on this belief, 
CAF was founded with wide support from almost all the people CAF was introduced 
to, including current "P-NBC" Committee, many supporters, etc.

Currently, CAF has 6 Org. members, representing over 44,000 people across N.
America.

Several well-known Chinese American politicians, business leaders, and attoney
have been formally agreed to serve on CAF's advisary Board.


------------------- Part 1: plan on NBC --------------
CAF is continuing the effort in possibly bringiing a more positive outcome 
of NBC's Olympic broadcasting 4 years later, a qualified American Professor 
keeping contact w/ Mr. Costas volunteers to pass a letter from CAF to Costas. 
CAF is preparing the letter (the first draft is being under discussion by 
CAF committee).

CAF is also obtaining help from CCTV to get vedio tapes of CCTV's 
Olympic coverage to be sent to Mr. Costatas. We hope in that way
Mr. Bob Costas may realize the difference and understand better
Chinese culture. 

In addition to this, CAF is planning to do some more long term thing such
as to discuss posibility of cooperation with the American professor to
prepare some scripts of Chinese sports for NBC. 

CAF may also contact NBC officials for some background info. of their 
side of Story of NBC incident.


--------------------Part 2: Other longer term plans of CAF --------------
CAF is making long term strategic plan on other action items such as
fund raising, contact other American foundations, to watch any other 
incoming insident such as NBC or CBS. etc.

---------------------- Part 3: CAF Mission Statement------ 
MISSION STATEMENT

1). The fund is for counteraction of defamation and discrimination towards
Chinese/Chinese Americans/canadians.  It sponsors or supports actions aimed against
prejudice and discrimination (e.g., biased media coverage or social movement
detrimental to the Chinese and Chinese American/canadian society) which distort the
image and/or encroach upon rights and interests of Chinese and Chinese Americans/Canadians
as an ethnic group living and working in north America.

2). The fund is for self-promotion of Chinese/Chinese American/Canadian community.
It supports activities that promote the image and social status of Chinese/Chinese Americans`
as an ethnic group in north America, such as active involvement in American politics.

3). The fund is for facilitation of ethinic reconciliation. It supports
activities that enhance mutual understanding and improve relationship between
Chinese/Chinese American/Canadian group and other ethinic groups.


------------------- Part 3: Background----------------------
BACKGROUND:
The Chinese American Foundation (CAF) has been established since October  9th, 1996.
This non-profit fund-raising organization was originally proposed by Mr. Kai Chen and supported
and approaved by many initiating and leading Orgs. representing over 45,000 people who
participated the Chinese/Chinese Americans' well known anti-NBC's campaign on their biased
reports and commentaries against Chinese and other international athletes during the
1996 Centennial Olympic Games in Atlanta. The foundation principally aims at
anti-deformation and positive image promotion of Chinese and Chinese Americans in N. America,
including encourage Chinese Americans' more active involvement in north America's political
election and operation.

The founding of CAF was based on the following facts:

- The biased NBC's reports and commentaries during the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games
against Chinese athletes and previously similar events have self-elucidated that
deformation and discrimination against Chinese and Chinese Americans can severely distort
the image of Chinese and Chinese Americans in north American society.

- The success of anti-NBC's biased broadcasting campaign has made the world understand
that any such deformation and discrimination against Chinese and Chinese Americans can
not be tolerated by all Chinese and Chinese Americans living and working in
North America.

- The result of the protest that NBC apologized and stated that Bob Costas' comments "were
not based on NBC's beliefs" had been publicized by almost all the major news media in
the United States of America clearly demonstrates that deformation and stereotype is
principally not acceptable by American society, even though it takes long term efforts
for Chinese/Chinese Americans seeking justice and equity in the society.

- NBC's apology and all major US news media's coverage on this apology clearly showed that
only we Chinese and Chinese Americans can protect our own rights and interests and we are
able to achieve it.

- It was getting more and more clearly understood during the anti-NBC's protest campaign
that not only should the social status and image of Chinese and Chinese Americans in the
north America be protected by ourselves, should we also be promoted by ourselves as a long term efforts.

- The success of anti-NBC's biased coverage campaign was largely due to a nation-wide,
even a world-wide support from all Chinese and Chinese Americans in north America and
other parts of the world. It has been turned out that donations of tens of thousands US dollars
showing supports from some 100,000 Chinese and Chinese Americans represented by over
100 social organizations in US and other parts of the world, diligent, tenacious and consistent work
done by the campaign organizers to be the 2 ultimate factors that made the campaign possible
and successful. It has thus been proven that, once the consensus of the community is reached,
strong leadership backed by material and human resource supports are the most critical and imperative
determinant for such success. This has been the basis of the establishment of the
American Chinese Foundation (CAF).

- The seed money of CAF comes from the remaining of the donations for anti-NBC campaign.
Any money left over from protesting NBC donation to the BCSSA account will be legally transferred
from its original account of BCSSA (Berkeley Chinese Students and Scholars Association) into that of CAF.
(CAF is still waiting for BCSSA's final financial report to announce the exact amount).

The following outlines the main body of the foundation:

Name:
<dd>    English: Chinese American Foundation (CAF)
<dd>    Chinese: Mei3 Guo2 Hua2 Mei3 Ji1 Jin1 Hui4

Nature:
<dd>    Nation-wide, non-profit organization with raised fund to support the mission of the Fund
</dd>

Principle task:
<dd> 1). Anti-deformation & discrimination against Chinese and Chinese Americans
<dd> 2). Positive image promotion of Chinese and Chinese Americans
<dd> 3). Enhancement of mutual understanding between Chinese and Chinese Americans
        and other social ethnic groups.

Basic structure:
        <dd> 1).General Board
        <dd> 2).Executive Committee
        <dd> 3).Advisory Board

<p>
The Rules, Mission Statement and other materials regarding to CAF can be found separately.


